[Music]
future High purple she work you high
purple high purple high Purple Med she work
you high purple hot purple hot purple making pale Deuces
they paining Doom it was hers all over but the crying all that [__] they was trying at the gates of
Babylon Money Changes flipping tables rearrangers hot purple slangers media
Shield work you it's a banger smile away from the tree line the man of rain
riding into the sunset Madia Dragon Venom jeweling the Lotus amethyst
serpent the need for antivenom is urgent Athena work it seash
purple dialectric water flow Castle Franco Vampirella
bellisima the dope is hot purple media she will work you the circuit is an anal
Lima to F the boss heliocentric Cult of the crow Athena run
the sky for the Mio try a little bit of death Bubba cush
on a trail head full of zombies original sources ionic Omni High
purple work you high purple high
purple high purple you work you high
purple welcome back to Lady Babylon this is am and you and you know
me I went in deep had a great meeting with the devil and he was like you've
got to give them this and I was like you sure he's like yep that's it you got to
deliver that package so um I am going to spend most of my time doing exactly that
bringing you the package the devil wanted you to have it's nice to see everyone I appreciate you're coming out
to am andu I'm going to give you an update on the classes I'm going to give you an update on the classes is um but I
I want to do save that until the end because you know you got to give the
devil what he deserves right we got to give him front
row that's yummy okay let's get started tonight thank you for coming thank you
for everybody interested in learning greatek and pushing pushing yourself to
get to that place where you have that oneon-one one with the dead that's what
we need how about if we bring it out tonight you know what I've got for you I just got to come out and say it I've got
for you the future I've got for you the future and
all I'm going to do is I'm going to pull up some Greek texts and I'm going to speak them to you and I want
you to follow the future oh God it's lovely today it's lovely today look
don't we all deserve a break all those places we've been with Jesus and his boys all those things that we've done
with the garden and Jesus Christ rested in a public park with a
naked boy on my end it's green tea on his end
it is the communion of that child that is his galain
when he enters death do you know what Jesus Christ did on the
cross he entered into death do you know what he did
afterwards he was raised again that
junkie okay let's see how it is let's see how it turns out are you ready I'm excited this is good and I hope I want
to do the devil a good job here right cuz you can't mess around that way you can get in trouble okay Give me the give
me the opening shot um yeah this is for me on top of the devil's work this is
Ides I just wanted you to have it everybody tune in you know what he said
in the herac ey you know what he said he's talking through the mouth of Yola
and who is Yola Yola is The Shepherd of the children of Heracles why because
Heracles is dead and so somebody needs to be in that place to the parent yes so
that's what we've got and what does he say he says you know I learned a long time ago that there's two types of people
there's the just person who is a benefit to his neighbor and then there is the
person who's interested in profit that person is not useful to the
city and they're only looking out for their own best interest they're very
hard to be around take it down that coming from the stage of
purification where the Athenian democracy maintained its Integrity you
thought as Americans you thought you could just sit back no no no no no it's an active art to maintain that flame to
maintain that Democratic power is an active art yes it it is fantastic do you
see what's coming out of their play rights right are you out for profit now I'm speaking to those of you who are out
for prophit yeah you worship the prophet making
propers you worship them you love them you give them your
heart because you're thinking they're going to do something for you it's why you accepted Jesus Christ I know it is
I used to um I used to save people I used to save people that's a
real art right but if you don't have that thing that you're grasping for that
little bit of profit is it eternal life is it eternal
life is that your Prophet is that your Prophet eternal
life is that what you're going to get in the end oh my goodness you are reading a
fairy tale that doesn't exist I'm going to bring you the real tonight is for
those the Christians who want to come forward who want to be
unprogrammed how do how are you going to get unprogrammed I'm GNA Antichrist you and how do I Antichrist you I Antichrist
you with the Bible I just show you what it says it's a complete and efficacious
cure fantastic let's let's get to it you know I'm not going to be able to do this for much
longer right everybody realizes that right for those of you in satanic
congregation let me just say a word or two about you know the future is
coming and we won't always be able to dance this dance together yes no what we
are doing now will be
illegal yes blasphemy blasphemy you know what you know what
you know what you need to set off blasphemy laws you know what you need to set those
off blasphemy come on people what has this
been for Seven Seasons pure blasphemy but it's scientifically
accurate blasphemy so that makes it Justified give it to me give it to me
let's see where we going first I'm going to give you the Bible all right this part's from the devil part before I
wanted you to have that now we'll give the devil what he's do are you ready and
I saw another Theon coming out from the
earth I saw another Beast coming out from the earth and he had two horns and
they're like the horns of a ram and you know how this dude speaks he
speaks dragon he speaks dragon now you're going to say to me amen is it true is it true that
that is fantasy sir no no they used to call dragons the Guardians of the
artifacts it's a position it's a position and you know what those dragons do they prevent you
from going where you shouldn't isn't that gorgeous so this
entity speaks Dragon speaks dragon now I know you're
going to think oh it's more fairy tale it's more fairy tale no no no no remember we always insist on the
science I'm calling it Dragon because they called it Dragon it's a language
it's a language and we have a written form of it that's expressed and we can't translate it it's in thing called the
Greek magical papy you can find it there you can find it there it's gorgeousness
and gorgios all wrapped up into one oh God love it okay let's keep going what's
he say what's he say look um yeah so look I'm gonna give here's what I'm
gonna here's what I'm going to tell you from the book of the Apocalypse right all you Christians pay attention
remember I told you last week the guy who wrote the series um coming back or
staying away or what whatever it was yeah due to its lack of accuracy the devil has put him on a special list a
special list yeah fantastic and I will remember there's a curse on the book
that we're reading from a Greek text that from the very beginning says there's a curse on anybody who touches
this who doesn't do it accurately yeah there is why wouldn't
you respect that where do you think those curses come from do you see the
tradition in here the classical tradition okay and I'm about to tell you something it's going to scare everybody
it's going to scare everybody but okay here we go so um what's happening look I'm gonna provide for these two
witnesses right what are they goingon to do they're going to prophesy they're going to prophesy for
1,26 days and what's going to
happen they're going to do it when they're covered with Sak and what is Sak
now hang in there with me it's goat skin goat skin that is hairy and you're
gonna ask yourself right if you're in the fairy tale you're not reading this in the Greek you um it's going to sound
uh you know crazy to you oh how do they translate sackcloth and then they're going to tell you oh this is from a
Hebrew tradition which is bull which is completely bull
all yeah it's not it's verifiably linguistically not but because people
said that in order to justify see when the Christian and the Jewish Bibles were
being produced in order to get themselves legitimacy they would say this is
actually from the Hebrew when it wasn't this is one of those cases so you're seeing it for the first time you're
seeing it for the first time what are they wearing they're wearing that hairy hairy it's got to be hairy hariry goat
skin hairy goat skin pants do you have your goat skin
[Laughter] pants okay do you know what we have just
keep track of this because we've got two witnesses right we've got two
witnesses and we've got people in wearing the goat skin prophesying this
is typical right the the we could go really deep into it and you
can track where that goat skin that hairy thing where that thing comes from do you know Athena wears one of those
yeah she wears one of those oh God it's called the
egis right from IES meaning goat meaning goat okay so I just want you to see that
were well placed within classical context right this is gorgeous what are
these people doing give me the next one let's see what happens I'm telling you what's going to happen to these two
witnesses yeah and as I say it you're GNA be surprised that it
happens are you ready SOS here's that coarse cloth of hair yeah there you go
yeah yeah yeah nice nice wonderful and look look look there they try to insert it number three coar garment sackcloth
warn is morning by the Jews you know where that comes from that's a definition from later that's not from
the original Greek the SOS here is a goat skin is that important yes because
it's cold so you Christians you haven't been able to read this
book that's what's so funny devil has a sense of humor man right all the theologians get down there and they're
like what this is like hell right and then they're like what I thought it was this way no it's not because you didn't
do the Text due
diligence oh god let's see it okay I'm sorry I get worked up I get worked up when it whenever the goat comes in I get
my give me the next one just give me the next one Revelation 612 followers people
and I saw okay here we are at the cult here we are at the cult are you watching it happen I I I
looked and opened the seal the six seal right so there's dudes going down look
it's a drug party we've got the seals there which we've all seen before are drug
pills right breaking it is activating it yeah and you know how you can
activate them people if you're ever at a party with Jesus and boys and somebody
hands you a pill you can put it and you wreck them
that's how they did it in Antiquity you put it in your reck them yeah okay right
fantastic and you may have to because there's certain drugs like when they have you in the right and you have
entered death because remember that's the kind of right we're coming to tonight I'm going to show it to you when you're entering the right you've taken
the thos on that's that's going to kill you like Jesus did in the garden right
he's all like I don't want to do this right okay when you're at that point that you've had the thoso and you've got
to have some other Galan you've got to have an antidote a compound antidote to
balance it in your system sometimes that stuff has to be stuck in your
rectum yeah now remember we're using the drugs like cion that causes you to have
constant sexual urges in a not in a nice way either but in a psyonic way so you
know what you do you take that person and you put some Shaggy goat pants on him and you know what you've got you've
got a Seder my friend now it doesn't sound like it's very good for you but in
the end it Gets You Through death so let's hang in there let's give give well
here let's keep those guy hey boys what's on look at [Laughter]
them okay what's that would anybody want to go there is that a place to party I
don't know I don't know I don't know it looks like I'm going to take a some kind of weapon Rod or
something maybe some some [Laughter] [Music]
oils yeah it's what they car characteristically are known for don't
be silly I'm sorry I shouldn't get I shouldn't get like that okay give me the next one please chewy let's do this do
these people right right do do a favor to these people right so um this Angel
wanted he when he opened up the seal right activated on the sixth one a a a
seismos an earthquake and it's a big one Meg us a big earthquake happened and
what what happened to the sun the sun became black as a Shaggy goat
pant and the moon turned to blood and the moon turned to blood for
those of you with ears to hear for those of you with ears to
hear what is that col of pan it's that dark Shaggy goat
pant now you remember the goat she was the one who nursed
Zeus right and everybody follows
God right okay so you can see the context now let's let's dive in a little
bit deeper dive in a little bit deeper give give me the next one not yet don't bring her up yet please go next one boom
I think so was that it yes yeah okay now and there are now I want you to Envision
this there's two olive trees two olive trees and two lamps now these lamps you
can put a little brick of incense into all right so fumigation right we're
fumigating and um what are these two they're the things that belong right
before um the cuos right they're the things that belong before them so okay you're not
going to get through this whole operation without these trees and these
sources of fire these lamps there sometimes you you can go all the way to
torch yeah so so remember when is this all happening right before Sunrise it's
when all the Cults do their thing right why do you think the bakic
Revel has to be the night operation because it opens the day it's that which
cleanses and opens the day it's the death and the resurrection are you ready
for this are you ready for this this is going to blow people they're blow people away they're going to be it's going to
hit them okay go thank you for coming tonight by the way I appreciate everybody that's here okay so this is
revelation and if somebody wants to treat these witnesses that I've told you
about right there's there's two of them and if anybody wants to treat them bad
right um these
entities the fire the trees the witnesses a fire comes out of their
mouth did you say mouths no I said listen to me a fire comes out of their
mouth and what does it do it consumes consumes the bad people
consumes the bad people yeah okay yeah if anybody wants to do them wrong those
two witnesses these two trees if anybody wants to do them wrong
they deserve to die die that's what it says okay are you ready okay so this is
serious with these two witnesses now I'm going to show you I'm going to bring these two wit Witnesses forward and I'm
going to show them to you this is when I say the future that's what I'm doing okay I have to get in the right mode for
this are you ready for this rough translation this is gonna be this is gonna be from the pit okay go ahead give
it to me give it to me what do these two have they have the
authority to bind uranos in order to stop any rain for any
time during their prophecy it's what they say matters they have the authority to turn
Waters into blood and to strike the earth in every form of
plague in whatever way they want that's what they have the authority to
do these two did you hear me that's what they now you think you heard that you
think you heard that and you heard it one way now I'm going to try to replay it now and I'm going to do it backwards
give me the next one so that we can all understand what's going on give me the next one boom and um there came to me
one from the seven angels this is 17 and he had the seven drug
containers right and he spoke with me saying look come here I come
here I can't I just I'm sorry I just got it flashed in my brain but are you
listening I'm the angel holding the bowl of
drugs come here come here I'm gonna show
you I'm gonna show you the Judgment of the [__] yeah the big one the big one that
one who sits on all the waters and you sit there and you say to yourself what okay the goat skin was one
thing right and Christians have been calling the Lamb of God which is the goat skin they've been right and it creates
this stupid image of some dude with a you know Shepherd things going on and
sheep right that image just not from Antiquity it's the goat's skin and what
do we know is written on that goat's skin yeah what do we
know it's the song it's the song it's in an ink that you're G to want on your
legs after you they stripe you did you not bring your goat skin
pants by the way that can be very very fashionable yes it can it doesn't have
to be real goat either save a goat you know synthesize some kind of right all
right let's see give me the next one boom and what happens uh did I
finish that one yeah yeah um and it came this Angel and he spoke with me yep yep
sitting on the waters and then who is this person sitting on the waters with you know she's the one with
whom the kings of the earth porate and become
intoxicated right and who are these people it's people like you and me living on the earth and what's going to
happen right they're getting they're getting blasted on her what the wine of
her porna the wine of her vaginal
excretions the word idolatry and fornication are the same word in
Greek there's no separation between the love and the
religion there's no separation between it the drugs facilitate the act of the mystery
and I know that there are those of you who love your faith and hold on to your faith but when Jesus was
living this is the mystery that he was performing and that's why he was
arrested with a naked boy in a public park 400 a.m. screaming I'm not a
traiger yeah I'm not a Pimp Daddy yeah give me the next one give me
the next next one people know that they're like move on almond yeah here it's coming it's going to slap you in the face don't worry I promise you I
promise you so I got
jacked into the void they call it entering the spirit
and you know what I saw there I saw a woman sitting on a beast and that Beast was Scarlet that
Beast was scarlet and what was she doing what was the lady doing she was holding
up the names of blasphemy do you know what you do to
trigger the apocalypse and everybody looks in there like what because everybody wants it to happen right and
you're sitting here running in it and you're like wow this is really neat and you're wanting to follow
it the two witnesses are G to do it and we're going to watch Jesus do it too hit
me with the hit me with the next one are you ready these bunch of druggies did you realize your ancestors were such
druggies my goodness my goodness this woman she's clothed in Scarlet wait we
didn't get the last and finished um yeah and she's bearing up the names of blasphemy here we do go bearing up the
names of blasphemy this woman was clothed in this poyc Glory right purple
and Scarlet and she's just shining with the gold baby and she's got the jewels
jewels from the earth beautiful brilliant right and pearls and she's
holding a cup a Gold Cup and in that in her hand and in that cup are the
pollutions the Runnings off of her
sex in the cup in the cup now the two witnesses are
going to do it and that's what's going to bring it
right you can put Apocalypse in there in the end oh god seriously seriously this
is where they're going oh you better know it baby look people have now you
know Rockets are the latest thing right last 50 years of humanity send stuff up
you know let's get to the moon ha let's get to Mars ha there's nothing there ha
right that's not the Last Frontier we're going to take two people and we're going to put them out
in public for display we're going to put them through
the right we're going to kill them for three days we're going to watch them
we're going to despise them if we're Witnesses of Christ we're going to despise them but after three and a half
days we're going to raise them from the dead and they are going to tell
us who's there they're going to tell us what was in the
Beyond yeah isn't that fantastic witnesses to the whole world and it's
their decision to bring you a plague to bring you an
earthquake it's their decision now this is just the Bible that I'm translating for you I'm telling you
it's right there and it's so beautifully mother Greek that I just
can't oh the the to the all the seminarians out there and to all the
theologians now I know you're starting to look really bad really bad and that's good it's good
for the public to be able to watch you fail it's good right for example the head of d
Seminary the head of Dallas Seminary is afraid to appear with me on Danny Jones
to discuss what Christ thing is he's afraid and do you know why he's afraid
because he knows because he knows what will happen he saw it
happen he knows what will happen the text is our
strength they want you to teach the Bible now and now we're talking about
about blasphemy and what can be done to stop
it now is the time for us to teach them the reality this is the
spark your freedom is in the history see that's why it's not a cult it's why I'm not leading you it's why I'm not giving
you anything I'm showing you a tool so that
you can go out and you can get there you can be SI sitting there with the people who invented democracy and you can say
oh my oh my this is not what I had envisioned this is not what I had
envisioned it's not and I'll spank you for that shame on you for being in a
dream you're G to love what's going to happen you're G to love it it's heart-rending but you know that's the
that's beautiful beautiful tragedy okay give me give me the next one yeah that's
right give it to him give it to him for justice for Lady Justice a lot of spanker going on here look at this
Revelation 13 and I saw another base coming out of the earth and it had horns
two of them just like that lamb and it spoke the dragon's tongue now I want us to go in and see
what the hell is being who right now remember all of this is being delivered
prophetically they are using analogia
analog so when you see the painting of a beast
and that is mistaking the analog you're looking at at the at the
type you're not looking at the real right we're supposed to be um in
the mystery we're using language that autocar said was its own Vox its own
voice right and that's what I'm bringing you this is the Revelation through the
Vox through the Vox and my name is
Ammon love it give me the next one oh God watch this and the woman woman she
fled where'd she go where'd this woman go all of a sudden there's a woman here where' this woman go she went into the
Aron she went into the void right remember we got Jack into the void before we started talking to Angels
because that's where you talk to angels and the devil who rules
there okay just don't get caught in don't get caught in the
image right this is EXT multi-dimensional stuff that I don't
understand the math of but when you get jacked in to that void so that you can
communicate with those powers that are outside of the ion
that's how they describe it I I still don't know what it means right okay so
that's what H that's what's happening here oh bad timing but that's okay leave that up leave that up look here we oh
that's nice void I wouldn't mind going there that's a void for a fun time
that's gorgeous right who couldn't come back from that without being happy you know what I mean come on okay give me
the next one JY give an next one and the woman fled into the void now this woman
where is she going into the void for is this a prophetic Mission no because she
I'm translating has her own place there that is specifically prepared in a
position that is a way from God AP
to and that is always translated by God as an agent and the reason that your
translations do that is because it doesn't make sense
to the fairy tale because she is supposed to be the
bride the holy bride whose son will rule the world with a rod with
a rod the name for that Rod by the way is the one dionis uses right so get me the lubricant
please yes are you seeing where your religion is from you Christians for the first time it's just take the
interference take the bumpiness just okay write it out man you know you'll get in there Watch What Happens why does
the woman have a place there because she is nourished there she is nourished
there in this place away from God In This Place away from God she is
nourished do you remember who comes along it's the devil it's the devil right he rules the void the devil rules
the void
okay okay do you see where we are fantastic let's keep going because
something magnificent is going to happen something wonderful give it to me give
it to me and I heard a great voice in uranos and it was saying look here's the
salvation and the power and the kingdom of God it is the authority of his Christ do
you know where the power in the kingdom of God is it's the authority in his
Christ do you know if you haven't been christed you're not part of the Kingdom
ask the boys ask the boys why is this all happening because
I'm translating because the accuser of our
Bros it was thrown out he was thrown out of uranos and where did he end up he
ended up here Earth and what does he do he accuses accuses night and day it's all
he can do this guy is accuse why is he accusing because it's the void we're in
the void and that's his world it's his judgment do you see what
they're looking at they're looking at Hades Hades doesn't scare a pagan it doesn't scare a
polytheist it scares a monest alone because that Hades is doing the very
same thing the very same thing that Yahoo is
doing it's his realm why do you think Jesus was like oh I'm being tempted you
saw that uranos opened for him right right as he's going through it you mean
Jesus Christ was going through a ride on the cross and that's what killed him yes
and they raised him from the dead three days later just like we're about to do
these Witnesses why do it take him three days I don't know I don't know it's the drugs
maybe if you go too far you kill them maybe that's like the limit that you can go you know they're doing stuff to the
body while they're doing that too why do you think they found that boy in
the tomb what do you think he was doing didn't anybody find out oh you
thought here comes the oh the Angels oh no no it's a right that boy is there
because that kid is part of the right and you notice what he's wearing what's the dude wearing little kid what he's
wearing the Gown that an initiate and a cult wears yeah right what is what is our
lace St right Jesus is a lace St too but what does our lace Alexander say he says
make sure and bring me the boys that are the most pretty right don't don't bring me any boys with defects you think that
when Jesus was picking out boys on the Sea of Galilee and he was like Hey you
and you you want to come with me you don't think those were pretty boys I'm about to show you where he took
them he took them somewhere private Peter James and John not only did were they the boys that he took to the to the
Garden of Gethsemane but he took them up into the mountains like he did Mary remember what he did with Mary what
Jesus Christ did with Mary Magdalene he self-pleasuring ate
it and offered her and she was like oh my God right okay you didn't know that
Jesus existed did you yeah no they said it not me I didn't make that up I didn't
make that up hi Jesus doesn't he look looks like he
looks serious there he looks like he's a little bit angry like what' you put me in hell for I I didn't put you in hell
Jesus you put yourself in Hell gorgeous you got yourself crucified
can you imagine how what's what are your odds of getting yourself crucified when
you're in the middle of a rot that involves s Tropic substances what what are the chances of
that right I don't think you can plan that good I don't think you can plan that
good wonder what he did after they revived him I wonder what he did no seriously
people when you put somebody into the death right they appear and they say this in Antiquity they appear completely
dead that's why media was able to put the dragon into a state where they
thought he was dead right just with drugs that's how profoundly the thimon
as they call it that Jesus said I'm going to give you this thimon in the gospel of Mark right
that drug death inducing drug um you know it takes it takes us three days to
do its job you revive the person and they're fraking born again born again it's the ride of rights
now the funny thing is you got to put them into a sexual state right that's the part of it that I keep trying to
show you is in the Bible right we even had the ointment in the eyes we got
christed in our eyes right was that white christing I can't [Laughter]
remember what is the world look people let me stop for a minute what is the world going to
do when it realizes that christing is a drug process
and that the processes that are involved in christing are usually ending up in
sexual intercourse or some kind of stimulation
to moment of climax how is that I'm not going to be able to say moment of climax pretty soon so all you pastors wives you
get what you can of me right now because they're going to come after me yeah no they're come after me what chewy that's
I'm sorry you don't like my taste what's wrong what's wrong it's in those dreams
baby oh I love it I love it okay can we get back to the text get let's go where
else are we going to take look this is a good date so far right well I want you to I want you to hang on there because
um people are going to fight against the return of this beast and
what are they going to do they're going to conquer him how are they they going to conquer him they're going to conquer him through the Hima
through the what through the Hima now that word does mean blood but in its earliest
form it means body fluid yeah so there is it's not just
blood there is an idea of it's the vital fluid right the vitals right how did
they conquer they conquered through the vitals of the
fleece now that that's where Christians like to insert the Lamb of God right no
no how do you fight how do you fight a system that is
a a performed pharmaceutical
um theatrical production how do you beat
that you don't beat it um with anything but the fire that it's using
you beat it with the drugs right you beat it with the drugs we need that blood that blood and flesh
are absolutely um uh uh necessary absolutely necessary remember I can lick
this stuff and get high okay they're making
inks dyes that you can lick off of a skin you ever lick skin with dye on it
maybe you should try then and it puts you into a state and it's an altered
mental state for the sake of the right for the sake of right right make sure
you've got your Viagra on right and this is universal Viagra this isn't just for
males right this is female Viagra too the blood can go
places yeah yeah fantastic give me the next one that sounded a little bit y um
when they finish now what's going to happen when they finish their
witnessing a beast is GNA come up out of the
abyss and he's gonna what's he gonna do he's gonna make war and he's going to
conquer him and he's going to kill him you mean the answer will be the
thec let's I tell you what let's do this Christians let's have a let's see who
Christ thing is more powerful let's see who Christ think is more powerful let's
bring the two witnesses let's send them into death and bring them back and when
they come back and are resurrected we'll know we'll know the power of the ancient
mystery we'll understand it we don't need Faith the ancient mystery is
anthropology right it's why Jesus Christ was arrested in a park with the naked
kid yeah now let's see let's see give me the next one give me the next one oh God
okay listen okay I'll stop I'll stop because look um the two witnesses their bodies
are going to be publicly exhibited in the square of some great City this
says okay their bodies when they are given the death inducer and
they're going to sit there and what do we call this remember
the pneumatic gospel that we mentioned last time Mark is writing about a
Pneumatic he's writing a form of a Pneumatic Gospel According to Clement and those guys right a Pneumatic gospel
something that you're going to give to people who are going to be involved in the ritual sex and drug
use right this is their gospel that's why he calls it here he says it's called
the the pneumatic Sodom where is the city that their
bodies will be exhibited it's the pneumatic
Sodom you can also say Egypt that's just this person's
opinion right you could also say Egypt but you and I know what it is are you
ready now I'm doing this backwards so that you can see it it is the place
where Kos the Lord was stal roast where he was
crucified that is the place where the bodies will be
exhibited yeah yeah okay now I know that you're
thinking oh that means Jerusalem no you missed the point right it is that Sodom
we will bring the CHR Christians to the place of the numatic Sodom that they
created all we're doing is showing them right all we have to do we have to have a room full of fourth graders because
it's Oklahoma and we have to give them this right and we have to tell them this
is what they're doing look this is what they're doing we need good illustrations for it we need to show them we need to
show him Jesus Christ arrested with a naked kid we need to show the naked kid
running off bandage falling off of his private parts okay let's get going they know
that what a here okay people look what about anybody who cares about those two witnesses right um and
look these people that are going to watch this happen when we put when we
take these two volunteers and we put them into the death State everybody's going to be watching
this because it's going to be publicly exhibited all over the world you'll be able to see it and people will be able
to see it who are speak different languages from different parts of the world different ethnicities everybody is
going to be able to see it and after three days right well before the three days it
says here um they're not going to allow the bodies to be to be intuned or
anything like that they're going to be publicly displayed because we want to see what's going to
happen right we've given them we've these are these are astronauts these are
po multi-dimensional astronauts right and we want to see what they're going to bring back so we're not
going to seal them up or anything or put them anywhere hidden right no bearing give it to me and what's gonna what's
gonna happen those those who live on the Earth are going to Rejoice they're gonna
be they're going to be so happy and they're going to give gifts to each other right why because these two
Prophets have tortured them these are the
Christians these two prophets will be the answer to Christianity and the
Christians will hate that they are being put through this process to disprove
them and they'll appear to be dead so the Christians will be very happy they'll be in a giftgiving mood and
what's going to happen though hang on what's going to happen here's here here it is give it to me remember prophetic
don't change the words one bit right that's what the Angels say right the devil's an angel and after three days
and a half the spirit of Life Zoey spirit is Gonna Come From God and enter
into those men and they're going to stand up on their feet or those people could be one man one woman it could be
two women they're going to stand up on their feet and what are they gonna do a great fear is gonna fall on everybody
watching them why because we just sent those people
using an ancient technique which is very precise by the way there's a whole bunch of details in there we just sent people
to the other side and you know what when the Christians see them come
back and they hear their voices and what they say they're going to hate they're
going to hate because they're going to see their own Mystery exhibited we're going to see that
christing if you can do a Christ thing yeah yeah then what kind of power do
they have right right what kind of power power they have this is not you cannot buy this right this is for the citizen
who cares about his or her neighbor it's not for the citizen who seeks profit
which are you are you seeking profit or are you
here for your neighbor yeah it's a marriage right it's a
marriage they don't get it go give me give me the not you the other people and
they heard the voice the great voice from uranos saying get up here right so we're all
sitting there right we're all oh my God those people came through it using the
very same drugs they should have knowledge that is from antiquity
of the people that went into this Zone then right they should bring back what
are they going to bring back oh wait what happens out of uranos I Heard a
Voice and that voice said get up here get up here into the uranos where the
neph what happens the cloud the clouds came
down snatched them up and you and I watching are going to be amazing
okay now you're thinking yourself okay um you just crossed over from reality
and science into fantasy right I'm thinking I'm thinking about clouds right
I'm thinking about clouds here and I'm thinking about people coming and going some kind of transdimensional stuff
there's a lot of uranos involved it's ionic it's really ionic
yes yes it is yes it is now let's look for the science that's underneath it and
see what happens what do the text just give us right we're going to have to look
Beyond by the way that image is fantastic chewy that that image really
captures I don't know how you managed to do that but the unreality is sitting
there I like it don't you is this what you think people and the funny thing is is I'm mocking I'm doing something now I
am mocking faith I am I am free I amen am free at
this point in time to mock Faith yes to threaten Faith to strangle
Faith yes I can do that now I have that speech Yes fantastic okay give me the
next one give me the next one not always though um look let me put my oh I'm
going to fart in Jesus mouth and what's going to happen he's going to have to say Amen tell me amen Jesus tell me amen
say the word oh take that you like that I know it
[Music] smells and what's he say and he said to
them amen yeah that's where the name comes
from yeah it is something is said in a magical incantation a man or a moon or
I'm on right tag it right on the end it's like a piece of DNA that little piece of
DNA at the end of the Jan it says hey this is this is the end clip here
process here some stuff's going to stick out and some proteins right and come together it's
gorgeous isn't it okay um anyway and he says to them amen uh I'm saying to you
right there are those of you here standing here right here with me this is Jesus standing here right here with me
who aren't going to taste of death until you see the kingdom of
God having arrived having come in power
right when do you taste of death now you people have read that and you think oh my God and I know you because I did the
same thing and you think oh I see it's this makes perfect sense right they're
not going to die he's being poetic he's being poetic is it it's nice Jesus you
got some style brother I love that no uhuh absolutely not you're not going to
taste of that death because they are inducing it it's when what happens when
you taste of that death the kingdom of God baby you're gonna see it you're gonna see it established do you want the
kingdom of God do you know what we do in the kingdom of God we take little boys and we cut off their testicles
that's a historical fact you Christians W you better start cutting you better
start cutting off testicles because you're not doing anything that they did in Antiquity you're not doing anything
that Jesus didn't remember Jesus is the number one spokesman did I tell you that
he's the number one spokesman for transgender
surgery he says let those who have the power to Bear it let them bear it let
them do it R don't turn that little kid away he you tell them what it means to
live without his testicles you show him the kingdom of God you can cut those things off right
away you know it's just part of the deal and when you do so they become a little
Factory you can pump drugs into them and you can use them to get your drugs you
have to wrap a bandage around that spigot
it's your text it's your Bible right don't blame me don't blame me this must
we must go to the Far Corners of Oklahoma this Bible must be taught to
people this Bible must be taught to people indeed Hil Satan Hil Satan yeah
very good very good I agree H Satan he's not doing
this he's trying to bring it to light isn't that interesting he's the
lightbringer excellent excellent are you sure he's a he are you sure huh de defway you know I
was in that place I was in that place can you see the stuff in my eyes can you
see it yeah I was in that place let's see what happens I got a
couple more I got a couple more it's going to cre you out a little bit give me the next one boom and what happened
uh Jesus after a few days oh yeah he took custody of Peter and joh Jacob and
John and what did he do oh God he takes them away into a mountain right it says
hoop Salon but their high mountains are not really high mountains right this is not you know not anything like you would
consider a high mountain but they've got some things right big hills and he takes
him up into the into the Backwoods and what does he do with his three kids that
he's taking custody of par lomano that's what that means yeah see you don't read it you
think it's three dudes with beards going out what are they H what are they
camping Peter wearing plaid or something no
stop so he's got these three teens and he's taking them out carries them out
right he's taking charge of them he carries them out into a place the text says where they can be
alone all by themselves why would Jesus want to be alone with teenage boys are
you gonna are you watch what happen it says I'm not kidding you it says he
transformed he transformed right in front of their faces okay are you ready remember
remember there's drugs involved here there's crising right so okay he transformed and
what do he transformed to now those of you were Christians who thought the fairy tale right who believe in Peter
Pan and that kind of thing you know what I mean I can fly right um you were
thinking something completely different that was going on because that is what
you have been taught through translation the theologians have so faked
your texts that you can't really see that underlying classical layer to them
that first century layer you can't and what happens what happens what do the kids do they say holy crap um Elijah and
Moses are standing there all of a sudden and they're talking to
Jesus wait a minute he took you out of the woods right and he sudden he does
something and he transforms right has he been giving you guys stuff to eat again right people
talk about Jesus feeding the multitude okay you realize when he
dipped that bread into the into the stuff the bull that gave that made Judas
act so weird right and go off and tell on
him right he's been drugging these people right he's been drugging them
he's drugged on the cross hanging there his death inducer reaches him while he's
being crucified and so what happens they see
Moses and Elijah holy crap what what happens what happens look it gets funny
it gets funny and people never read the Bible so they don't re realize the humor yep what happens we're almost done
people and he a Peter answers them and he says to him hey Rabbi hey Rabbi right
now what is really cool about this r ref to Rabbi is Jewish rabbis don't appear
until like the first maybe as early as the second but the first really right
and they really make Judaism the Judaism that you see worship today the synagogue
Judaism really starts in helenistic um
Alexandria right and it gets a text develops text the rabinal Judaism the
thing that you call Judaism all the rights and H holidays and laws
that doesn't come out until the first BC first ad somewhere in that range right
and Jesus is right there you don't have rabbis in the fifth century BC that
doesn't exist right Jesus is coming about this
is what's going to screw with your brain tonight Jesus is coming about at the same time that the first
rabbi are coming about and he is being called a rabbi therefore Jesus is a founder of
Judaism oh my God
Yahoo yahu Hashem and all the crew holy
mackerel
W okay so you mean Judaism and Christianity are two monis Cults that
develop out of the same bed yeah and they're both influenced by the Greek
mystery yeah oh my God my
God don't you love that history is gorgeous the real history is more beautiful than the you know the the fake
stuff and when everybody saw the Theologian either here or Danny Jones or
noticing for I know I can't remember who ran the clips and who did what um but
when they saw him say uh Duck Tales Dan right when they
saw the theologians step up there and say well our earliest you know is Isaiah
8th Century blah blah hooa are you sure it's the 8th century and it's not right
none of those texts go back that far right there isn't any Hebrew at that
time doesn't exist all right there's a ton of Greek there's
50,000 because you know there's 50,000 copies there at least by one report is 50,000 Scrolls in Alexandria alone and
Alexandria is not doesn't end up being the only library right Romans have libraries
too fantastic and there's mostly Greek why is that oh it's gorgeousness
okay give me the give me that same verse again let me just make sure I got it all yeah oh okay so he call no I didn't get
it all he calls him Rabbi he says look this is Peter they're up in the mountain Jesus did some kind of transformation
and now they're seeing dudes talking to Jesus and Peter says hey um well it's
good for us to be here right which is a weird why would you start with that
right is it is there a question maybe you shouldn't be there okay but it's good for us to be here right and to see
this stuff let's make make three tents one for you one for Moses and one for
Elijah and now watch this right because they're seeing they're seeing stuff give me the next give me give me the next
one um Jesus didn't
know how to answer him for they the kids were EC
phobic that act as an intensifier phobic is being afraid they were totally terrified right
and that's why Peter's telling oh it's okay it's okay we're it's okay that we're here let's build three temples
let's build three tents three one for you one for you one for you and Jesus doesn't know how to answer him right now
this is the Son of God we're talking about and look at the first five words of this line of Mark 96 ugar
T he didn't know what to say in response
he didn't know how to respond right does that sound like an allower to you that doesn't it sounds
like a dude who's out drugging children for the sake of sex rights yeah he already had mared is this
the same place he took Mary if I had a place where I took
people oh you know you know my kids could say oh you know Dad he takes people out to
the [Laughter] Backwoods
right who does this who does
this yeah I'll tell you who does it some creepo some Creo these kids are put into
that that Panic right the drugs are putting them into a panic just keep
going and what happens he says uh a cloud oh okay at this point there's a
cloud that covers everything and makes it dark and this voice speaks out of the cloud right you know the you know
Peter's totally freaked out by this point right I mean he is defecating in
his robes you know what I mean they're the it's falling onto his sandals right
at this point at this point one of those three boys has has soiled himself I
guarantee you I guarantee you and what does this booming voice out of the sky say right so you can see the kids laying
on the ground and you can see Jesus like H how do I and they're like ah right and
Jesus is like how do I deal with this and he doesn't know how to deal with it and he says this is the Son of
God this is the Son of God listen up
right oh my God oh my God it's just it's
ridiculous it's ridiculous but it's anthropologically it makes a lot of sense because there's a lot of people
very contemporary right first century authors just look at plenty who talks
about in the natural history about the Magi using drugs to interrogate people
right you can you can put somebody into a hallucinatory state and then you can question them right well you you not
just a fact find and they did it for the sake of people who were involved in uh conspiracies to overthrow the government
they would drug them and then find out if they were involved right um but not
just for that but for religious training if you can put your mind into that Panic
right pan pan was alive then he died right he's now coming back that
Panic if you can put somebody if you can Kim Ally indu that Panic you can
restructure their mind you can restructure their mind you can program
them yeah isn't that fantastic and with Jesus standing over them now the Magi
did it remember the same same Magi are the ones that are funding Jesus they're the ones who paid for him to go to
school in Egypt they're the ones who gave him all the drug base right and um so realiz it's them
and they're what what do we have descriptions of these Magi what are they doing Jesus isn't the in indol he's not
the highest dude in the rankings right those Magi are the one who started this whole thing Mary is sitting in the
temple being nourished do you understand the woman who Bears the child you know
what the devil does the devil eats the child do you
understand do you understand did you see the verse talked about her being
nourished there in the void right Mary's fingers were
reportedly stained with the purple okay it is a
basic compound that is being used in rights that
induce psychotropic you know hallucination and uh uh Changes in
Attitude changes in even bearing and gate you can change somebody's gate given the right drug anyway these Magi
would stand over the people that they're working with and they could assume the
voices of different powers because the person was under the
influence Jesus is doing the same Magic on these kids and when you think about it you mean Jesus was having to drug and
manipulate mentally manipulate children um that's how what the Kingdom of Heaven
is made of he says that he says that Kingdom of Heaven is you got to become one of these children right nobody gets
in who isn't now what are we going to do to the
two witnesses right we've got to get them to that same place we've got to do exactly
what the Christians did to two witnesses we've got to display it and
when they come back they must prophesy they must it's fantastic I love it I
love it you think people are courageous who go to the Moon those people have a ton of Courage they have a ton of
Courage but they don't send them up unless they're pretty sure they can get them
back right you have to go these new astronauts these two they got to go to
death and then be retrieved got to go to death and then
brought back and you can do it with the chemistry it turns out what you're bathing the brain
with is all that matters don't say bloodbrain barrier right don't say
it love it love it we're gonna get right through it right down right down to that
chemistry and everybody's GNA know it oh Boom by the way I've got some chemists taking great that's fantastic they can
they can help give me the next go up boom let's go we've only got two more people
two or three more yeah that's it that's it and immediately what happened
immediately um so Peter James and John are sitting there Jesus is over right he's a Son of
God ah and you know he's on something right he's all he's probably wearing
those pants too I can't it didn't say it here but I'll bet you he's got his goat pants on bet that's what it was he's all
SA you know and he's obscene and immediately what happens immediately
everybody disappears everybody disappears this thing what is this did somebody give me
some kind of Kappa opioid receptor activator or something here what is this
going on it wears off it wears off and they look around it's only Jesus he's
just standing there of course it did right of course it's just Jesus right
did you think it was a fair did you think Here Comes Elijah Here Comes Moses
hey Mo right Moses didn't didn't exist until two centuries before this right
that's when he was invented right and he's he's even taken from an earlier person which is
insulting insulting right I mean come on you could make up your own dude yeah had
to used somebody else's name and place because they had the place of privilege within the cult come come on man get new
monism always borrows whether it's Judaism Christianity or Islam monism
will always borrow from what came before those Satanic Verses that came before
they will borrow from that to make something and you can read what is not original in the
religions just read their texts read the Quran yeah yeah I advise you to learn
classical Arabic because you're not going to get it down to the soil unless you can do classical Arabic right
alhamdulilah okay give me the next one where are we boom and oh yeah so
what do they do what do they do coming out of the mountain right he told them don't talk
about okay remember you were Jesus Christ three
boys they have just been scared out of their lives they probably look like they've just
been run around a track a thousand times but they've just been scared out of their lives they've heard the great
voice from above tell them who this guy Jesus was they saw these people with him
then they were gone then they were gone and what does Jesus tell them what is the Son of God what does your Christ
tell them sh don't talk about what we did not
talking about so the two of them just I mean the three of them they just walk around they agree to be quiet about it
but they talk with each other about what it means to enter into
death what it means to enter into look at the bottom line
Eon what does it mean coming out of that death entering into and coming out of
death what does it mean that's what they focus on right and
they didn't say anything until after Jesus entered death and was resurrected
they didn't say anything right they were good boys they kept their mouth shut about that stuff there's remember what
Clement said and this is dude's a saint right um
there's something you don't have to tell everybody the whole truth you don't there doesn't say anywhere you got to be
truthful to everybody all the time okay these boys how do you think
they get these boys to do what they do literally the dude has a place where he walks people off into the hills and they
come back and they don't talk about what
happened now if you're a psychologist or a therapist out there and I know some
therapists watch lady Babylon um because I don't know if it's they want to give
me therapy or maybe it's therapy for them I don't know but if I told a
therapist you yo bra I've got a place let's go you and me right and then
I tell you on the way sh you can't tell now if I told my therapist I had that place my therapist would turn me in
would turn me in and that's why Jesus Christ is walking around all the time
say I'm gonna get caught I'm I'm going to get crucified oh
you're you believe the fairy tale and you were thinking he's like oh this is the non-f farting Jesus
right I've come here to die on a cross that's what you thought right no the
dude is scared he's gonna get crucified because why because that's what you do
to a you crucify them it's the only answer when you get somebody who's into
a religion that's so deep it is drugging children um doing things to them that
have to do with you know things that we can't talk about on YouTube um
non-consensual things yes
right that the only solution for that and I think most people would feel this
this isn't odd or strange the only solution is to crucify him to finish him
off man those people who were willing to go that for for the kingdom of God these
are bad people they will abduct your children and cut off their
testicles so that they can turn them into sex slaves who are controlled by
drugs right now I know that's not fantasy to you right we all know that
dark things happen right Jesus happened to be one of those people and that's why
when he's arrested in Matthew it says he raises his hands and he says I am not a
St I am not a child trafficker I'm not one of these people who's sexually
abusing these children right that's what he says
right okay okay one more I think we've got one more is that bottom one oh
something's got to get my goat in a minute hang on and um what happened so they guarded the word right they didn't
say anything but they walked around thinking about it that whole Resurrection from the dead thing that
was the lesson that went out to them that's the grooming that's the control
look people whether if I want to enter an ancient mystery religion you know what I have to do I gotta shave my head
I gotta fast for like two weeks never fast for two weeks it's a pain right and
I'm not talking you just don't eat during the daytime that's not a fast right this is a real fast where you're
not eating you're drinking that's it that's difficult right I don't want to
do that I got to shave my head I got to put on their special robes I got to go through all the ablutions all the
Washings I've got to sit for two weeks and listen to some old person and they
in invariably have bad breath and they're telling this chant
this right oh God what kind of dedication do I have to
have to go through all of that right so the process of teaching the initiate is
a process of formation it's what Catholicism does
with students in seminary I taught a seminary I know they call it formation only this formation is over a
much shorter period it involves starvation and the use of psychotropic
drugs so
Jesus as a mogue as we saw last from last week as a hierophant in his mystery
that is hidden within mark his what they call his pneumatic M gospel his
pneumatic gospel he is operating with those children your Christian mystery is
the abuse of children and every time you go to church every time you drink that
grape juice and that thing is transubstantiated in your mouth every time you are doing that for
the sake of a child abuser and that child abuser got crucified for being a
child abuser I want to stop there with a text
and I want to tell you the future is the two witnesses the
Beast is revealed the future is the
restarting of that mystery that travel that is the final frontier you cannot go
any further right here we can go from star to star from planet to planet
right we're looking with our Scopes and we're doing everything we can to get as far get as far away from our origin as
possible at least get our minds out there so we can understand what's going on this type of travel is the next
Dimension it's the next Dimension up and it's that form of travel that we get
Christianity from it's that form of travel that we get Judaism from and
ultimately with some development you get Islam right your Islamic ancestors are
worshippers of Aphrodite and bakus and we're not going to get there unless we
go with them it's the whole right right so um let's get busy and bring those two
witnesses um here's what I here's what I have for you by way of news so um I and
I don't want um I'm i' I've obviously used all of my time up tonight so I'm
not going to go through unit three I'm GNA save that um I started um my classes for
people who volunteered and there was a overwhelming number of volunteers and I've I've got four classes now and I've
got one for England class alpab beta gamma class gamma please um for those of
you who are in England or Europe who want a class that that's not going to be
a 2 amm right um please I'm getting slots available I've got like four slots
left if you are from a place where you know if you're from Europe This is the
class that will work with your time zone um and what we're do what are we people doing we're building an army of people
who can translate these texts for themselves so that we facilitate another renissance and the outpouring of of
people who are just possessed by the classical Muse is amazing if you haven't
gotten picked yet I'm still working um and I'm trying to get as many people as
I can I'm trying to get as many people as I can I'm considering just a class on
literature because some people are at the point that they're like ah I just don't want to go all the way to the
Greek but I want to learn this literature so yeah so that um that's
what I'm doing uh is trying to create facilitate that environment I'm thinking
about maybe a class on literature as well I don't know if I can though I've already got four and that's gonna that's
going to take uh along with my students that I tutor privately it's going to
take uh it's going to take too much time so I just want to say thank you for the
people who are um gonna go ahead and and enroll in the 20 weeks and uh we'll have
time following the 20 weeks as soon as we graduate those four classes there will be more slots available more slots
available so and people have stepped forward and said hey I want to give a scholarship I want to support somebody
who can who can do this now that I'm free and I'm not working for my boss
who's taking 30% um I can pass that on to you so I am
I am more than happy to take scholarships and spread them around to whoever gets them and otherwise it's the
cost of a movie right and by the way I've been told I just want to say this
right and Nemesis please understand that I'm not trying to B brag I was told by a
professor very famous Professor who was a Harvard alumnist that the Greek that I
worked on with them and the translation I did the analysis of the book of uh the
apocalypse was better than anything that he seen come out of Harvard okay so um
I'm basically for the price of a movie ticket I'm trying to it's a price to
keep my lights on I'm trying to get people trained so that they can really
participate they can really taste that that beauty that's there in the language
so yeah yeah and I've got people offering scholarships and whatnot so and I don't want any of my Tas to pay my ta
should be able to take all the for free right and um uh because they're
supporting the system and if you go to uh old boy and to Nancy um they are
working now I know I'm leaving out ion and and the rest of the crew uh but they
are working now to help you through this textbook that we're using and we
officially have the biggest Greek program on the planet um I like to tell people it's it's uh $
59,6 cheaper than Harvard yeah so but yeah I've got to
keep the lights on you know how much I hate talking money right and all boy is excellent by the way all boy is
excellent oh and people who offered some people have offered to send me cash for no reason I don't do that I can't thank
you very much but I cannot do that devil said explicitly you got to work for it
bro you got work for it it's got to be by your sweat right and you gotta not
only that but he said you gotta barely barely be able to make
it and I was like why and he was like because once you get tainted with profit
seeking and it will happen once you get tainted with propit seeking that's it so
um we're keeping lady Babylon completely non-monetized holy holy and un uh
please go forward um with what your your
inspiration is okay go forward with what your inspiration is that's really
whatever you latches on to you from the Greek that's what you need to follow because as you're studying the language
and this is not German French Italian please don't come to me and say oh god
I've had French and German and T you know what you've had three different third graders that's what you've had
this is Mother Greek and she's going to bust your brain every day every day it's
just going to be unending unending I'm gonna have an interview soon with Dr
Carl Ruck um just a short one casual one between me and him and I'm gonna have
him tell you the magic behind Classics
he's gonna tell you the the real Joy I told him I just want to have a chat with you about the what it means
to be a classicist what are the things that you really take home from what are the things that get into your bones and
make you that you know you're no longer just a ordinary person you're a
philologist what what where's the glory what's the and he knows it man oh God I
love Carl I love Carl Ruck um so let's look for that that'll be coming that'll be up and coming um thank you so much
for your time and attention tonight please wait people I'm still going through your applications I'm still
calling I'm still um emailing people and getting things going but we will turn
this from a YouTube channel into a university YouTube channel right with
faculty that can help you get to a point that you're you're working on
these texts let me just say one thing I want to say one thing about a student former student of mine who's going to be
coming back into the reading group his specialty is Byzantine Greek I won't
tell you his name or anything but his specialty is Byzantine Greek he that's
the stuff he loves man and he gets all high on Byzantine authors I love so I
worked with him for a while we worked on late classical sources kind of the
bridge to the B heavy Byzantine stuff and um he's coming back because he wants
to do some raing In classical now and he went away to dumb Bart and Oaks oh my
God it's an intensive Byzantine Greek program and he told me all the authors
that he read through um the point is what I am trying to do here for
you is to create people who are functional ancient Greek
translators people who can go and with enough sweat and blood can pull out
these incredible thoughts of the Dead the thoughts of the Dead fantastic and
that's the only way we're going to read the Bible too is if we go back to the original and since I'm G to be cut off
here soon and you people listen to me you know how it works I say it's gonna
happen right and it happens and then I come on and say I told
you I'm not going to be able to say I told you this time I'm not going to be able to say that because this type of
speech that we're exercising this Salon is going to become
prohibited because you can see it's a threat to religious
power right threat to religious power long live the republic Long Live freedom
and uh maybe we can bring back Justice to this place now that we've told her to
leave for what a the sake of a trip on a yacht can you believe Humanity was sold
for a trip on a yacht what kind of oh God never mind
never mind it makes me mad okay thank you for coming tonight people um uh I
love your I love your dedication and uh thank you it's a real pleasure and look
I took us way too long I took us an hour and a half tonight but I want to tell you I thoroughly enjoy the time that I
that I spend with people and just seeing what I've seen in the applications uh I was overwhelmed I was totally
overwhelmed people are um if you want to see the goodness of people um give them
an opportunity give them an opportunity like a brother or a sister I love it I
love it thank you to everybody and again if you're from England you got to write to me and tell me I got to be in this
class because of the time zone unless you want to get up at two and if you do if you're stud in Greek at 3 in the
morning um even that scares even me okay um thank you very much tonight and
uh hell Satan 1212 seashells by the ton Athena's
love rubber duub dub I'm flipping tables cashing checks take it to the bank at
the gates of Babylon The Wolf Man regulates Avalon Avalon lady media lapis
lazuli lines the walls the M sings with me extra illumination for the vibration
I have under me the knowledge of our Genesis Crystal Towers The Punisher
Frank Castle Purple Rain for the Muse I sing her favorite song All Night Long no
stems no seeds that you don't need got a bag of goodies ice creamy
cream hell Satan close My Eyes Forever
coming through In Waves powerhouse on the Hill House of
Frankenstein Darkness through dreams I Dream of Genie high
purple she work you high purple high
purple high purple she work you high
purple high purple high purple Med you work
you high purple high purple high
purple you work you high purple high
purple high purple baby purple